My goal isn't to teach you everything about CI/CD and monitoring.
That would require way too much time and let's face it,
you probably wouldn't retain all that information.
What I will do, is attempt to give you enough awareness of
the core principles and lead you to
practice a few of the most useful things in each area.
In the time we have together,
we're going to fill up your toolbox with some new and useful skills.
My hope is to equip you well enough to start
using those skills even as early as next week.
In this course, we'll talk a lot about the theory and
principles behind continuous delivery, integration and deployment.
Then, we'll put that theory to work as we discuss
and even build a complete CI pipeline from commit,
to build, to artifact.
Once we have CI running and artifacts building,
we'll build out an entire CD pipeline,
putting more of that theory to the test.
Then, once we have CI and CD running,
we'll spin up a monitoring system that can alert us when something fails.